# Saga One

## Problem

Let's say you and some friends have a journal that you pass around. You keep it for a few weeks, write a few entries, and then pass it on to the next person. It rotates through the group until you fill it up.

But what then? Do you keep it, or do you let one of your friends keep it?

And what if you lose it? All of those journal entries are lost forever.

Even worse: What if you confide some secrets in the journal, but it falls into the wrong hands?

The communal journal is a great way to share your life with a small group of friends or family members, but it is inherently limited and insecure.

## Objective

Move the communal journal to the cloud, where it is unlimited and secure.

## User Stories

- As a friend, I want to invite my friends, so that we can write in a journal together.
- As a friend, I want to create a journal that my friends and I can write in.
- As a friend, I want to define a path for our journal as it passes through our group.
- As a friend, when it's my turn to use the journal, I want to:
   - write entries in it, so that I can share my experiences and thoughts with my friends.
   - read the other entries in it, so that I can share in the experiences and thoughts of my friends.
   - add comments to journal entires (or to my friends comments) so that we can have dialogue about our experiences and thoughts.
- As a friend, I want to pass the journal to another friend when:
    + I'm finished with it, OR
    + a certain amount of time has elapsed, OR
    + I have written a certain amount in the journal.

## Directory Structure

Directory/File | Description
---------------|------------
`/src/` | Where source code will go
`/src/index.html` | Site index and landing page
`/src/sass/main.scss` | Main Sass file for defining styles
`/src/js/main.js` | Main JavaScript file
`/dist/` | Where production code will be output. Production server will serve from this directory.
`/dist/index.html` | Output index and landing page
`/dist/css/style.css` | Output CSS file generated by Sass
`/dist/js/main.js` | Output JavaScript file generated by Babel

## Design

Pages should have a warm, inviting design, possibly with a literary theme. Design of the journal itself should resemble a physical journal as much as possible. It's not an article, or a blog; it's a journal.

### Color Palette
&nbsp;    | Name      | Hex     | RGB             | CMYK
----------|-----------|---------|-----------------|------
Primary   | Cadet     | #517174 | (81, 113, 116)  | 0.301, 0.025, 0, 0.545
Secondary | Burlywood | #DCBE87 | (220, 190, 135) | 0, 0.136, 0.386, 0.137
Accent    | Fire Opal | #EF5D58 | (239, 93, 88)   | 0, 0.610, 0.631, 0.062
Success   | &nbsp;    | &nbsp;  | &nbsp;          | &nbsp;
Warning   | &nbsp;    | &nbsp;  | &nbsp;          | &nbsp;
Danger    | &nbsp;    | &nbsp;  | &nbsp;          | &nbsp;

[Old Library Color Scheme](https://www.schemecolor.com/old-library-color-scheme.php)

### Fonts

Brand Font Options:
1. [Comfortaa](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Comfortaa)
1. [Cinzel Decorative](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Cinzel+Decorative)
1. [Corben](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Corben)
1. [Budo](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Buda)
1. [Jacques Francois Shadow](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Jacques+Francois+Shadow)

Body Font Options:
1. [Source Sans Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Sans+Pro)
1. [Roboto](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Roboto)

## Data

Entity Relationship Diagrams:
- [2018-10-23 ERD](erd/erd-2018-10-23.pdf)
- [2018-10-25a ERD](erd/erd-2018-10-25.pdf)
- [2018-10-25b ERD](erd/erd-2018-10-25b.pdf)
- [2018-10-25c ERD](erd/erd-2018-10-25c.pdf)
- [2018-10-25d ERD](erd/erd-2018-10-25d.pdf)
- [2018-10-26a ERD](erd/erd-2018-10-26a.pdf)



Input:
- User registration and login data
- User groups
- Journals
- Journal paths
- Journal entries
- Journal comments

Output:
- List of user groups of which you are a part
- List of users in each user group of which you are a part
- Book-like view of journal entires (only when the journal is in the user's possession)

## Wireframes

Small Screen | Large Screen
-------------|-------------
[Site Menu](wireframes/SM_Site_Menu.png) | [Site Menu](wireframes/LG_Site_Menu.png)
[My Journals](wireframes/SM_My_Journals.png) | [My Journals](wireframes/LG_My_Journals.png)
&nbsp; | [Create a Journal: Journal Information](wireframes/LG_Create_a_Journal_Info.png)
&nbsp; | [Create a Journal: Connect Friends](wireframes/LG_Create_a_Journal_Path.png)
[Add/Edit a Journal Entry](wireframes/SM_Add_Edit_Journal_Entry.png) | [Add/Edit a Journal Entry](wireframes/LG_Add_Edit_Journal_Entry.png)
&nbsp; | [Read a Journal](wireframes/LG_Read_a_Journal.png)

## Extra Features

- Auto journal titler in the style of Heroku
- Search entries
- Search comments?
- Autosave
